There are several screens here.

It is a process flow of

1 Introduction / Description
2 Basic authentication details
3 Company information 1
4 Company information 2
5 Find Location
6 Accept terms and conditions
7a Confirm completion of details sent
7b An error screen (due to some problem on the server)

All the screens should have the 'Locomas' panel at the top with a 'Back' button and an 'Exit' button.

The 'Exit' button should go back to the 'initial_screen' (i.e. webpage)

Screens 1-5 should have a 'Next' button. On presentation of each screen, this should be disabled if validation is required.

Screen 1 has no validation (there are no fields).
The other screens have fields with a type. If not specified, the type is a 'unicode string' with maximum 40 characters.

Screen 5 has a checkbox
The other screens have fields with a type. If not specified, the type is a 'unicode string' with maximum 40 characters.

Present the fields as ordered here in the 'details' panel.

For some of the fields it may seem strange to not predefine some answers. Please dont worry about this right now. They can be polished later

----

1 Introduction / Description

This is just a text panel which describes the process

2 Basic authentication details

Email address  ( valid email address )
Password 1       ( max 20 characters )
Password 2       ( max 20 characters, same as password 2 )

3 Company information 1

Name of business
Name of business owner
Type of business           
Contact Phonenumber   ( only numerical characters or + )

4 Company information 2

Building Number
Street Name 1
Area
District
City
Province
Country               

5 Find Location 

There are two options here:

There is the Google Play API, however it doesn't seem like the best idea to me, because it is limited to certain devices (although I suspect many would support it)
And it's also an Android only solution.

The other is a standard webview that loads a web page. I prefer this as it's cross platform. We try this method first:

A Webview with a configurable URL / Javascript. Let me play with this so see if I can get it to work

There should also be a button Use my current location'

This should place an indicator on the Map. For now, just make an 'application manifest variable' (so I can change it easily) and we will use it as a 'valid signup variable'

6 Accept terms and conditions

Text
I accept the terms and conditions with a check box. 

The button at the bottom here should say 'Apply'


You should take all the associated data, and convert it all into a json object.